Update python-models.md to reflect changed default behaviour (#6540)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/python-models.md

</VersionBlock>

> **About "sprocs":** dbt submits Python models to run as _stored procedures_, which some people call _sprocs_ for short. By default, dbt will use Snowpark's _temporary_ or _anonymous_ stored procedures ([docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/call-with.html)), which are faster and leave a cleaner query history than creating and then calling a named sproc containing your model's compiled Python code. You can switch this feature off for your models by configuring `use_anonymous_sproc: False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**About "sprocs":** dbt submits Python models to run as _stored procedures_, which some people call _sprocs_ for short. By default, dbt will use Snowpark's _temporary_ or _anonymous_ stored procedures ([docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/call-with.html)), which are faster and keep query history cleaner than named sprocs containing your model's compiled Python code. To disable this feature, set `use_anonymous_sproc: False` in your model configuration. 
```
